Katrina Groves: As zoom number five to 26493217 Saturday, February 22 2020
Katrina Groves: This will be for to history and physical
One on Johnny Jones at
11 O'clock Pacific Standard Time. The other on Joey Ramirez at 12 O'clock PST
For each of these patients. They are established clients with me for over three years at Deloitte community health center.
And
They've had their fam administered or a salmon expert review their rescoring protective scores. If you could put those in for me. And they've also had their cures report reviewed and appropriate
Katrina Groves: Hello.
Katrina Groves: I'm here you are you on mute.
Katrina Groves: You got yourself muted. Let me see.
Katrina Groves: I'm trying to unmute me unmute you from this end. There you go.
Nokia 3 V: Can you hear me now. Yep.
Katrina Groves: Technology beyond you. Johnny
Nokia 3 V: It is a little bit
Nokia 3 V: Of a hard time stumbling through my homework here.
Nokia 3 V: Let me show you how to add this
Katrina Groves: video camera and it has an accident and you have to annex the video up. You just muted yourself to now you got it. There you go. I knew and now
Nokia 3 V: Open up
Nokia 3 V: You kind of anytime I hit the screen, it does the muting
Nokia 3 V: I
Nokia 3 V: Know, and
Nokia 3 V: I don't. Yeah, I don't have
Nokia 3 V: There's, there's no video thing. There's no video icon.
Nokia 3 V: Me too young to go back and start this again.
Katrina Groves: Now, let me see you. One more time. So I can say hi.
Nokia 3 V: Okay, well, it says safe driving mode. I don't know what that means.
I don't either.
Katrina Groves: Try to put yourself on picture for a minute. So I can see you.
Nokia 3 V: There you are.
Katrina Groves: Oh, you did it. You got both going
Katrina Groves: Don't touch anything.
Katrina Groves: You just you're okay.
Nokia 3 V: It's okay.
Katrina Groves: For us is a little
Nokia 3 V: Oh my phone is kind of my my phone is kind of wonky. So it has a mind of its own. Okay.
Katrina Groves: See you. Thank you for being early. You're not even on Indian time
I'm in practice.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah. Well, I had to make sure
Nokia 3 V: That I knew how to get into this, because otherwise.
Nokia 3 V: I would have been way late
Nokia 3 V: I spread decided to start
Nokia 3 V: Evening.
Nokia 3 V: I decided to start early.
Katrina Groves: Want to get a glass of water. You okay
Nokia 3 V: To do. Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: And unfortunately, because the doctor that comes into the
Nokia 3 V: Into the jail so when I go see the doctor in the jail. He knows all my information.
Nokia 3 V: So I was able, but I was there for like four days or something or five days before I was able to see Chico.
Nokia 3 V: He only comes in, once a month or once a week.
Nokia 3 V: To see
Katrina Groves: I didn't know he was at the jail.
Katrina Groves: That's interesting.
Katrina Groves: So do you get your Suboxone in jail because we
Katrina Groves: Had tried to get them to do that. No.
Nokia 3 V: No unfortunate yeah definitely detox at you know and feel on detox detox or that i don't know if i detox. Any other medications.
Nokia 3 V: That was, um,
Katrina Groves: So other meds are you still taking a stool softener and the box.
Nokia 3 V: This is 100 milligram capsules. Take one capsule by mouth twice daily Doc, you say,
DocuSign or colleagues, what's it say
Nokia 3 V: It says de okay
Katrina Groves: Oh yeah. Okay, that's it, Doc, I say,
Katrina Groves: Do you still take Wellbutrin Johnny
Nokia 3 V: I'm 300 milligram tablets.
Nokia 3 V: I'm on a meeting.
Nokia 3 V: Via
Katrina Groves: One of those a day.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, take one tablet my mouth once daily
Katrina Groves: And Gavin Penton was 300 and the low pressure was 50 milligrams once
Katrina Groves: Daily Oh do you take the water pill to the hydro
Nokia 3 V: Hydro course is I do sometimes, I take two of these.
Nutrients
Nokia 3 V: Almost. Most of the time I do
Nokia 3 V: You got to talk
Katrina Groves: About that, because you shouldn't be taken some days to some days one Sunday's to it's hard on your body. You want to do it the same, same with the Gabba Penton if you feel better at three just stand three. It doesn't do
Katrina Groves: Drop an up and down, you should get on a steady level 600 of will be turns a little bit high for 50 is more normal
Nokia 3 V: So, okay, you should check in with him. All right.
Katrina Groves: Anything else we're missing on the Mads,
Nokia 3 V: Was a 25 milligrams of hydrochloric side. Okay.
Nokia 3 V: That's all tablet.
Nokia 3 V: Once daily
Katrina Groves: That one. You can double up if you got high blood pressure or if your legs swell that but you need to take potassium with it.
Nokia 3 V: But you
Nokia 3 V: Know he hasn't. But I think that might have some actually
Nokia 3 V: The proxy.
Katrina Groves: Oh, okay. Good still help when you have pain.
Katrina Groves: 500 milligrams. Yep.
Nokia 3 V: Okay, one tablet twice daily
Katrina Groves: You still have an inhaler.
Nokia 3 V: I knew
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Just so long ago. Got it.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, I have it here somewhere.
Katrina Groves: You have asthma or COPD emphysema.
Nokia 3 V: I don't think I've never been diagnosed with COPD, but recently had pneumonia.
Nokia 3 V: Oh dear, and had to go to the emergency room and get chest X rays and
Katrina Groves: You have not limited China right
Nokia 3 V: Now, I was scared of that, though, I really was. I was terrified.
Nokia 3 V: Because literally I was in bed. I was, I lived here for for three weeks I'm less
Nokia 3 V: Than two weeks of it was straight I laid your straight and the only reason I got it was to go bathroom. Now is it
Nokia 3 V: Bad lost 30 pounds.
Nokia 3 V: Wow. And I didn't really eat didn't have any appetite.
Katrina Groves: Hope you drink fluids.
Nokia 3 V: That was all I could, yeah, that was all I could do is drink water. Everything else I threw up.
Nokia 3 V: Even the water sometimes
Nokia 3 V: So, I mean, I would have to drink water and then throw up and then drink water and throw up and
Katrina Groves: So you're gonna get your shots. This year, then right flu shot pneumonia shot all that
Nokia 3 V: Good stuff. I need to go and do that. Yeah, I didn't, I didn't do it last year. And yeah, I usually do. So I'm gonna I'm gonna start doing that again.
Katrina Groves: The reason I'm looking over to my right is because I have your del Norte clinic record on my other computer and I'm good at memory, but I know all this stuff about you.
Katrina Groves: But yeah, your last
Katrina Groves: What's your last shot pneumonia, you still smoke cigarettes Johnny or pot.
Nokia 3 V: Now I just started smoking. Again, I don't really smoke pot.
Nokia 3 V: Anymore.
Nokia 3 V: I know it's stress lately I had quit.
Nails.
Nokia 3 V: I didn't buy a pack of cigarettes until like it was like three days ago. Wow.
Nokia 3 V: So I just need to stop.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you do. And you should get the pneumonia vaccine every time you light up one of those cigarettes. Just think about how horrible you felt with that pneumonia, because you will get it again like that. If you're smoking.
Katrina Groves: It just wipes out all your, your body's ability to get that virus out of your system.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, okay. That's something to think about. Because I didn't, I didn't feel good at all. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so any other problems you have high blood pressure. Did you get your hep C treated or do you still have Pepsi.
Nokia 3 V: It's treated as far as I know, it's undetectable.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, I was pretty happy about that.
Katrina Groves: And then I have spinal stenosis L for five that you had your surgery on two and a half years ago. Oh, sleep apnea still
Katrina Groves: Yep. I bet with that 30 pound weight loss that might better
Nokia 3 V: Um, I probably did because I laid in bed and that's all I did was sleep.
Nokia 3 V: But I don't know. Sometimes I used to use the mask. Sometimes they don't.
Nokia 3 V: It like when I have it on it tries my mouth out
Nokia 3 V: To the point where it's when I wake up, it's
Nokia 3 V: It's uncomfortable. Like, I mean I drive my drives my mouth down my throat out and everything to the point where it's uncomfortable.
Nokia 3 V: So sometimes I don't wear it.
Nokia 3 V: But it helps with the snoring so
You should
Katrina Groves: Try to talk to the Lynn care or whoever they can maybe fix they get a humidifier for you. There's a way to
Katrina Groves: Play with
Nokia 3 V: Another thing I wanted to talk about
Nokia 3 V: I don't know if I talk to you about this or just in that
Nokia 3 V: I need to find someplace where it's happening.
Nokia 3 V: When I'm taking notes at school.
Nokia 3 V: Like it's like I go to sleep, or I lose consciousness or
Nokia 3 V: I don't know what it is man, but it makes me start writing funny.
Nokia 3 V: And
Nokia 3 V: It's like I write small smaller letters and
Katrina Groves: Are you like asleep while you're writing
Nokia 3 V: I think it's more that
Nokia 3 V: It's not just going to sleep. I don't think because when I come to you. It's like I have a funny feeling
Nokia 3 V: So thing. I mean, I don't feel normal.
Katrina Groves: Realizing that starting to happen to you. Do you feel something funny like
Katrina Groves: What's happening.
Nokia 3 V: I'm starting to notice when it's when it's gonna happen. And then when it does happen it like tends to happen for that.
Nokia 3 V: For that entire morning
Nokia 3 V: And then usually by the afternoon. It doesn't really
Nokia 3 V: Define what it is that
Katrina Groves: You actually lose sense of time, like you wake up like you just fell asleep, kind of thing like
Nokia 3 V: jerkily. Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: Well, because normally I write really clear.
Nokia 3 V: That it close and I have I have really good handwriting, or I take notes really clear.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, so I could not, I noticed the difference. I can tell the difference when
Nokia 3 V: It happens because it ends up looking like
Nokia 3 V: Like this.
Nokia 3 V: Like this on top.
Katrina Groves: Of turns a little more right okay there. So okay, so you can't even read what you're saying.
Nokia 3 V: Nope.
Katrina Groves: So there could be a possibility of a. It's called a partial complex seizure. It's no no that is what it is but need to go show that
Nokia 3 V: To us, okay. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And they can do any eg you know you've had a lot of brain injury in your life and alcohol and the drugs and
Nokia 3 V: Recently just had a concussion.
Katrina Groves: Oh, did you I didn't know about that.
Nokia 3 V: happened last year at the end of last semester.
Nokia 3 V: Me and Jen were down there during finals week and some crazy guy jumped out and like started attacking and I got hit in the head with a
Nokia 3 V: With one of those butane. It's like a butane tank and had a torch.
Nokia 3 V: Attached to it. So I got hit in the head like four or five times and then he hit the side of the truck and
Nokia 3 V: It was kind of a big ordeal, I guess. Yeah, so that you had some damage to that part of the brain.
Nokia 3 V: Well, definitely. Um, it affected my final skills. I mean, at least on two classes. I went into those classes with AES. So I was going into finals with AES and
Nokia 3 V: Really, all I had to do a score like above 85 or something to maintain that and I score so low that every like drop my grades down to almost barely bees.
Nokia 3 V: TAKE IT THAT ARE YOU STILL
Katrina Groves: So what are you
Katrina Groves: Tell me about your college
Nokia 3 V: I'm going, I'm going to college now for
Nokia 3 V: I got accepted to the social work program.
Nokia 3 V: Right. And so now I'm in my second semester of my junior year and going through things. It goes by fast goes by really fast.
Katrina Groves: That's all to help troubled youth.
Nokia 3 V: Um,
Katrina Groves: Are you changing that.
Nokia 3 V: No, I think that's part of it. I think I might want to get more into just like the entire family.
Nokia 3 V: Um, but then I started thinking shit if I can't keep my own fucking family together. How am I gonna help anyone else.
Katrina Groves: You have good experience and
Katrina Groves: You learn from that. Yeah. Some of the best best
Katrina Groves: Pony has been through it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Don't give up on yourself.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, so that's what I'm going to continue doing. I'm going to try to get into the master's program and and go, it would be a year longer than
Nokia 3 V: Just my bachelor's so I go for one more year
Nokia 3 V: Masters.
Nokia 3 V: I'm having are like if I select them having a harder time processing.
Nokia 3 V: Like what I read, sometimes I will read it and
Nokia 3 V: I gotta read it again because I mean I wouldn't, I wouldn't be able to tell you what the hell I just read
Nokia 3 V: Mm hmm. So I'll go through it and then I'll even I'll even do is like flashcards and stuff for all the
Nokia 3 V: For all the vocab words and I'll go through read the chapter, and I'll look at the questions at the end of the chapter in life. Fucking for the life of me I can't
Nokia 3 V: I have to go look it up. I would just, I won't know it off the top of my head. And this is right after reading it, you know, it's like, I don't know about an hour. I guess sometimes an hour and a half, it takes for you to read the whole chapter or go through a chapter
Nokia 3 V: But it seems like I would retain that i mean you know he's had before.
Nokia 3 V: I've never had problems with like tests and
Nokia 3 V: Just lately I have class for sure. Yeah, and it
Katrina Groves: Obviously, you've got several things going on, emotionally and physically so
Katrina Groves: It can do they have
Katrina Groves: That disabled students thing where you could just say hey you know I had that concussion. I've had, I've had my phone. I need to have longer for tests and
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, I get. I get, they call them accommodations, I guess.
Nokia 3 V: That's
Nokia 3 V: Where I get like time and a half, and then I take my tests in the testing center. So it's quiet and no there's less distractions.
Nokia 3 V: But like for the classes I'm taking, we don't really ever lot the last semester when we barely had any tests, maybe one or two tests. I think the whole thing, but they just kind of
Nokia 3 V: kept track of our progress through like a lot of talking, you know, they just talk to you.
Nokia 3 V: So, you know, they figure out whether you're reading or whether you know the material or, you know, so they don't really test all that much. So it seemed like it was a lot of homework, either.
Nokia 3 V: But then when there was there like huge papers like 10 page papers. We got it right.
Nokia 3 V: Which isn't a problem. I got a paper do this Sunday, and I haven't even started yet.
Katrina Groves: One of those
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Let me pull you back to medical stuff to any allergies to anything that you're allergic to, like,
Nokia 3 V: More morphine. I'm allergic to
Katrina Groves: Really get
Katrina Groves: Hives
Nokia 3 V: itching and I have spoke yeah like breaking my face breaks out my face, everything gets so hot around my neck area. I'm just scratching.
Katrina Groves: And then back to your
Katrina Groves: Surgery histories, you've already told me about the back in the hip replacement. Did you ever have your tonsils out or
Nokia 3 V: ankle surgery. Oh, ankle and how long ago was that
Nokia 3 V: That was in 2000
Katrina Groves: Any other hospitalizations.
Nokia 3 V: I got hospitalized and when you see that I see you
Nokia 3 V: Know, well there was there was one of those
Nokia 3 V: Which happened three years ago, four years ago.
Nokia 3 V: Maybe four and a half, five years ago, um, other than that, there was a there was a time in 2006 that I got stabbed 17 times and my all of my side right here in punctured my lung.
Nokia 3 V: So I had to get reinstated and neighbors life flighted me out by helicopter. Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: Any other hospitalizations implantable devices. Do you have anything heart.
Nokia 3 V: Oh god.
Katrina Groves: Family history. So any medical problems in your family, your mother alive.
Nokia 3 V: My mom's alive. She's doing fairly well she's got like she's got a lot of
Nokia 3 V: Like hardware. I guess installed in her body like
Nokia 3 V: A really bad wreck.
Nokia 3 V: She wasn't supposed to walk again. But she's kind of stubborn.
Nokia 3 V: When they told her she wasn't gonna walk again. She just kind of said you
Katrina Groves: Have drug and alcohol issues.
Nokia 3 V: She did at one time she doesn't. She doesn't
Nokia 3 V: Know,
Katrina Groves: He's in recovery. Good.
Nokia 3 V: I don't know. She's in recovery. She just stopped using
Nokia 3 V: Stop drinking
Katrina Groves: Now, your dad also did drugs and alcohol. And so he's still living.
Nokia 3 V: Um, no. My dad died when I was 18 or when I when he was 18 and I was five months old.
Nokia 3 V: So I guess he didn't really do much drinking buddy. He drank. I don't think he could be considered an alcoholic yet. Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: But my mom, my dad side there is history of substance abuse or sugar.
Katrina Groves: So, so, high blood pressure, I noticed on your mom's side.
Nokia 3 V: My dad's
Katrina Groves: Dad side, heart attacks, strokes, anybody
Nokia 3 V: My grandfather had like quite a few of them on both sides.
Nokia 3 V: They both had they both had at least three heart attacks.
Nokia 3 V: And my grandpa, my dad side had his right arm removed.
Katrina Groves: Wow, so right hard had you get labs or they want you to did you get those yet.
Nokia 3 V: Oh yeah, I asked how I go about that. Do I go to the ER, I think.
Katrina Groves: No, I think they have ordered you those labs at the clinic. If you told them, you're a patient at the donut. Can we help center than they should affects them there. Some people
Nokia 3 V: Get it back.
Katrina Groves: To Sutter and I'd rather people go to the clinic so you can go next time you see Tony just go to the lab. They
Nokia 3 V: Will they'll know they'll know which labs today.
Nokia 3 V: Okay, all right, but
Katrina Groves: Cholesterol, my good friends in your family, you know, you've lost 30 pounds. That was kind of a good thing, but you should get your
Nokia 3 V: Last time I got check for it. I was, I was pretty good, actually. The
Nokia 3 V: Last time I got check for most everything but I mean I'm worried now though I've gotten a little bit older, since last time I like went to a complete checkup. I'm pretty fearful of like
Nokia 3 V: Certain things, I guess, cancer, like terrified of cancer.
Nokia 3 V: So,
My grandma.
Nokia 3 V: My grandma, my grandma passed away from cervical cancer and are just maybe the complications from it.
Nokia 3 V: And
Nokia 3 V: My and I had a couple MTC is flop over and died like one was sitting on the toilet and she just died.
Nokia 3 V: So I don't know, like most of my dad's families all they all died that was 12 kids and I think there's two of them that are still alive. Well,
Katrina Groves: While you are, you know, we're on the planet. As long as we're on the planet. So
Katrina Groves: You can until then.
Nokia 3 V: It is all part of the cycle.
Katrina Groves: Is so
Katrina Groves: You're not working now. Just going to school.
Nokia 3 V: full time student. Yeah, I do.
Nokia 3 V: Um, I haven't found a place are having the started but I'm supposed to start doing internship hours as well. At some point throughout. I'm not sure if we do it this semester. But last semester I did internship hours to Europe food distribution.
I
Nokia 3 V: Was kind of filled up my days, I guess, like I am in the days I wasn't going to school.
Katrina Groves: For your substance abuse history just start from the beginning. I know this is something you've gone through a few
Nokia 3 V: Times that
Katrina Groves: You can give the abridged version. At what age you started using anything
Nokia 3 V: Alcohol pot and okay
Nokia 3 V: First thing I tried was marijuana
Nokia 3 V: That kind of started when I was about seven
Nokia 3 V: Alcohol, I guess.
Nokia 3 V: I remember when I was like the kids like I was five years old or some I would go around and like my parents had parties and stuff.
Nokia 3 V: And I would go around and pick up all the beer cans of stuff. And sometimes I would take drinks of it. But I don't think that I actually started drinking until I was
Nokia 3 V: Like 11 or 12 maybe like, I mean, drinking regular regular just meant the weekends.
Nokia 3 V: Went to school all week party on the weekends.
Nokia 3 V: So I'll call started then best started when I was 18
Nokia 3 V: Like heroin started when I was 35
Nokia 3 V: And like aftermath are after heroin.
Nokia 3 V: I got hooked on heroin and prison. When I got out. I didn't know where to find heroin and so
Nokia 3 V: That's when I got hurt. And so I was prescribed a whole bunch of North Coast and
Nokia 3 V: Sending off.
Nokia 3 V: And so I guess that kind of took the place of heroin at the time and
Nokia 3 V: But I still relapsed on it. Even then, so that's basically my history. I never, I never really tried anything else.
Nokia 3 V: Acid. I guess I did acid, a couple of times when I was
Nokia 3 V: In high school,
Nokia 3 V: And
Katrina Groves: You did IV drugs as well, not just by eating.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: And
Katrina Groves: You get HIV testing.
Nokia 3 V: Know, oh I got I got tested for HIV. Yeah, every six months when I was in prison and I've gotten it tested.
Nokia 3 V: A couple of times since I've been out
Katrina Groves: And then the current dose of Suboxone. How is that working for you.
Nokia 3 V: I don't know.
Nokia 3 V: I don't know what it is but
Nokia 3 V: I don't want to say after like anymore because I to me that makes you sound like a real drug addict.
Katrina Groves: Right.
Nokia 3 V: I know I am a real drug addict.
Nokia 3 V: I'm not a fake ones, but
Nokia 3 V: I guess there's pride in that
Katrina Groves: So how do you go strips.
Nokia 3 V: Um, I usually take them.
Nokia 3 V: Take them pretty regular sometimes they take two at a time, though.
Nokia 3 V: So,
Nokia 3 V: Yeah. Throughout the day, while I'm in the morning when I wake up, that's when I'll take you and then like throughout the day, I'll take the rest of them. So sometimes I take more than what my prescription is and I end up at the end of the week kicking half of like I have to
Nokia 3 V: I have to stretch it out. So I am yeah so I end up like either cut them in half and just kind of
Nokia 3 V: Stay on like a maintenance, I guess.
Katrina Groves: How does that feel when
Katrina Groves: When you're taking more at the beginning of the month and then you're down to less I, how does that affect your mood, your everything your physicality when you're having
Nokia 3 V: Me time towards the end of the month.
Nokia 3 V: I feel like I'm constantly hired regardless of how much sleep like it.
Nokia 3 V: Was a except for like 12 hours straight, and then I woke up and I was still falling asleep during school
Nokia 3 V: So I was like, I still felt tired through the whole day and that feeling doesn't ever really go away like I'm I feel like I'm constantly tired.
Katrina Groves: Even when you take more than you're willing to take for
Nokia 3 V: Know when I take more oh my god I got energy, I'm able to stay up I'm able to, I'm able to
Nokia 3 V: do my homework.
Nokia 3 V: Get everything turned in on time.
Nokia 3 V: On me was like focus. I don't forget about my meeting and I realized that I missed it and have to make it up.
Katrina Groves: Anyone ever tell you that you had a DD
ADHD.
Nokia 3 V: Nobody's ever told me that
Katrina Groves: You feel like that you have tendencies towards that, as far as not being able to focus or pay attention or losing concentration, things like that.
Um,
Nokia 3 V: I guess sometimes I've never really thought about it.
Nokia 3 V: So,
Nokia 3 V: I don't cyclist certain like when I was when I was in jail and reading a book I could sit there and read a book for hours and never lose consciousness.
Nokia 3 V: But now it's like it's different. Now when I start reading. I was like, I want to go to sleep. And I can almost like I can lay down almost at any point throughout the day. And within five or 10 minutes, obviously.
Katrina Groves: And that's even with your see pop
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That's for a while. You weren't using it right there was a week you were borrowing. Those are some weird
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, I ended up getting a mask so that, but the one I borrowed from Lance
Nokia 3 V: Was a lot smaller. So like it didn't fit like is
Katrina Groves: You're out
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, so I ended up
Nokia 3 V: I ended up with another one that I had borrowed from
Nokia 3 V: Jen's a dad. And so I gotta replacements, but it's like every time that
Nokia 3 V: Lynn care costs and I put the order in for the replacement parts. You know, I hardly ever shows up. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I think you just gotta keep pushing on that because sleep apnea. If you don't get good sleep at night.
Katrina Groves: You are falling asleep in your soup, literally, so you they need to work with you. You need to be pushing them to get you the right kind of fit. Maybe you need the nose pillows. Instead, I mean, who knows.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But that's so important because otherwise you have no you have such that
Nokia 3 V: It's it's bad. It's bad.
Nokia 3 V: I know that at some point. I'm not one of my uncle's had to end up getting a
Katrina Groves: Oh wow, a trick.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah okay because of his and I mean I think that was due to the weight that he gained. Mm hmm. And I used to think he was just huge. But I'm not so far behind them. At this point, like 280 pounds.
Nokia 3 V: And there's the biggest I've ever been so mobility. I want to start exercising and then it's like the motivation. I don't know where to find the motivation.
Nokia 3 V: And this is strange to me because my entire life. I've been an athlete. I've always been able to like exercise was. It was a huge part of my daily routine. I would do it every day.
Nokia 3 V: Well, I played football. I was on the wrestling team. I played basketball. When you and I played baseball
Nokia 3 V: played soccer, but I played EVERYTHING I CAN everything I could really
Nokia 3 V: I mean, I was good at hamble I was good at, like, all kinds of others.
Nokia 3 V: Like physically active things racquetball
Nokia 3 V: You know,
Katrina Groves: So what one thing. Could you do. Now that's a baby step that you could
Katrina Groves: Do to try to increase your, your exercise.
Nokia 3 V: Right now, like I feel like I'm constantly stretching, if that makes sense. You know, I'm like I'm constantly. Yeah. So I mean it's usually to deal with my legs.
Nokia 3 V: My back and my hips and so all these all stretch and it's like, all day from your home sitting just sitting and watching TV.
Nokia 3 V: I'll figure out how to throw my leg up on the chair Simon's just stretch, but I still feel like I'm like so tight that if I tried to run on a ride a bike or anything like that. I feel like that hurt myself. Yeah.
So what
Katrina Groves: What is something you can do besides that's not running or riding a bike. What is what is something
Nokia 3 V: Like walking on the beach. I'm sure we'll just walking
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Get out of the house and go for a walk. It doesn't matter where it is.
Nokia 3 V: Just stop.
By the liquor store and not to the gambling casino.
Katrina Groves: Nature with nature is one of those coping skills you have you can get out on the ocean or look, you know, walk out be with nature and that will that will do two things. Three things. Number one, it gets you out of your head and out of the house and out of your spiral of depression.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Number two, it will start conditioning, your body. You're not too old. You're only 45
Katrina Groves: Your heart will start pumping your blood will start moving your, your lungs will breathe. Your bones will feel better. You're going to feel it will increase those endorphins and you're going to feel better just walking
Katrina Groves: And you know you don't push it right you do the first you go out for a blocker. So, you know, I come in. I'm so tired you stop and you wait
Katrina Groves: Okay, fine. After weeks after weeks after weeks. It's like anything else, you know, you have to like how you studied for your classes, you just didn't get your bachelor's degree by
Katrina Groves: On your butt right yeah to work.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But I think
Katrina Groves: If there's anything that you could do would be just to walk a little bit start walking and that will help everything mind body spirit.
Nokia 3 V: I'm gonna try
Nokia 3 V: I get it. Well, I just, I got to schedule it in. Yeah, if I don't schedule it and then you know
Nokia 3 V: missing out on something else.
Katrina Groves: Where would you schedule that in
Nokia 3 V: Like I'm I'm I'm Monday mornings or Monday, Wednesday or Friday mornings.
Nokia 3 V: What happens on Thursdays.
Nokia 3 V: On those days I don't go to school. So I'm here. And that's, those are the days I usually just stay and do homework.
Katrina Groves: You have kids to school.
In the morning
Nokia 3 V: But they're, they're gone from my air at eight o'clock or 805 and by then they're both awesome at school. So from then until about 1250 I don't have
Nokia 3 V: I don't have any kids here to watch. So during that time would be the perfect time to go out and I don't know. They probably want to go with me.
Katrina Groves: Do you think it would be
Katrina Groves: A good to do in the right right after you drop the kids off or do you think it would be
Katrina Groves: Better when they get home from school or
Nokia 3 V: I think that I think that um
Nokia 3 V: I don't know.
Nokia 3 V: I don't know if they like. They like to exercise to the like walking down to the park and
Katrina Groves: You can do it.
Nokia 3 V: I could do it. I'm thinking
Katrina Groves: In the morning, you're up. You're getting the kids to school Monday, Wednesday, Friday, maybe just make like a
Katrina Groves: Schedule IT IN THAT THAT'S WHEN JOHNNY takes is walking. That's your meantime
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's your time to process stuff.
Katrina Groves: And think about the day. And what you're going to do. And that gets your heart and your body going and then you'll study better. Actually, you're probably more awake and
Katrina Groves: And then you can do it again. When the kids get up a school, but I like the idea for like what you said. Morning Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Katrina Groves: I'm going to ask you about it next time we get together.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: I'm going to go through some calls. We're almost done, but a review of systems where I'm just going to start at the top of your head and go down and you just tell me yes or no. If you have any of these things in the past.
Katrina Groves: week or two, not like the whole life.
Katrina Groves: So any Fevers or chills.
Nokia 3 V: A little, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Like, what night sweats, or
Nokia 3 V: Night I sweat.
Nokia 3 V: So I have a, like a
Nokia 3 V: It's like an air purifier. I guess I'm so I got it sitting right next to me, I always have it on high.
Nokia 3 V: And then sometimes even sleep at the window open
Nokia 3 V: Because I get. I get so hot that
Katrina Groves: You've always been like that, though, right.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, kinda. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But you don't have a fever, like a flu bug or you have high fevers, or anything.
Nokia 3 V: Mom, I'm sweating your sweater. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Put it on your list for destined to co your PCP.
Katrina Groves: To maybe get your thyroid checked because that's not something that bright hearts going to do, they're checking more for
Other stuff so
Katrina Groves: Put on your list and
Katrina Groves: Tell them about those
Katrina Groves: Partially falling asleep and and writing nonsensical.
Nokia 3 V: Stuff like
Katrina Groves: That like a seizure disorder and then put about the the see pat mask, see if he can help you get that
Katrina Groves: Alright, so do you have you already said you had weight gain, but you've also lost weight when you were sick.
Nokia 3 V: I gained it all back. I'm pretty sure
Katrina Groves: You do fall asleep during the day. Do you have any signs of diabetes like peeing a lot or there's the law. Like, you can't get enough water.
Nokia 3 V: Constantly thirsty. Okay, and also always dry get checked for babies.
Katrina Groves: When you do your labs go in fasting and cholesterol.
Katrina Groves: just hand them the list, say, Hey, here's what growth wants me to do and
Katrina Groves: Boy with that. Alright, so how about your vision Johnny any trouble with blurry vision double vision.
Sometimes
Nokia 3 V: I got prescription glasses that had gotten broken, though. And so I need to get those replace. So I don't know if it's because of that because my visions gotten way worse as I've gotten older, okay, or if it's because of some causing it get worse.
Katrina Groves: Again diabetes can do that. So check and see if your sugars are high.
Katrina Groves: Or on any redness of your eyes or pain or infection.
Nokia 3 V: Know,
Katrina Groves: How about your ears any trouble with your hearing or a discharge drainage from your ears.
Nokia 3 V: Know drainage now.
Katrina Groves: tinnitus like a humming sound in your ears all the time.
Nokia 3 V: Um, I did yesterday.
Nokia 3 V: And just my, it was just my left year
Katrina Groves: That went away.
Nokia 3 V: It hasn't been like today.
Nokia 3 V: I was only the one time I noticed. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any source that you have on your mouth, your lips your tongue.
Know,
Katrina Groves: Any trouble following
Nokia 3 V: No.
Katrina Groves: nosebleeds or drainage.
Nokia 3 V: get nosebleeds.
How are your teeth.
Nokia 3 V: Are there any other all mine.
Nokia 3 V: I got one message, message one broken one broken
Nokia 3 V: I want to get them just all
Nokia 3 V: I won't get them all pulled
Katrina Groves: You have access to the Indian dental
Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: Um, it's pretty hard to get into the dentistry there though, for some reason, they can't they can't keep a dentist's chair. So I think there's one guy that like comes in and fills in for
Nokia 3 V: Once a week or twice a week or something. But he's the dentist for the prison. And so it's, I mean it's a long waiting list. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Might as well get on it and eventually
Katrina Groves: So moving down any trouble with your neck stiffness lumps.
Nokia 3 V: My next my next. Okay, I guess.
Nokia 3 V: Did you say my lungs.
Katrina Groves: Your lymph nodes like here.
Nokia 3 V: I feel like they're swollen. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: If you have bad teeth that can be a problem.
Katrina Groves: What about your lungs. You have shortness of breath, coughing, wheezing, I noticed your kind of
Nokia 3 V: Suggested shortness of breath, for sure. Okay.
Katrina Groves: That's pain or pressure, Johnny, like when you're walking or do you get like you can't breathe. Her heart palpitations.
Nokia 3 V: I'm not so far now. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any swelling of your legs.
Nokia 3 V: There welling my yeah my feet. My feet are constantly swan.
Katrina Groves: Do you have to wake up in the middle of the night, feeling like you can't breathe. Like for air.
Nokia 3 V: Not that I notice, but Jen says that that happens a lot. Let's see. Maybe, yeah. Yeah, I mean I don't wake up from it. So I don't really notice it. Okay.
Katrina Groves: What about dry skin or moles that you're concerned about
Nokia 3 V: No more.
Katrina Groves: No.
Katrina Groves: Stomach are used to having trouble with constipation. Is that still
Nokia 3 V: Still problem.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah I don't I don't feel like I'm ever regular my cake, the stool softener and I'm
Nokia 3 V: Here I take the mirror back sometimes and
Nokia 3 V: I don't, I feel like it's constantly like that. Like I'm constantly carrying around 10 pounds of food. Yeah, that's what it feels like.
Katrina Groves: Add prunes and do the mayor lacks every day.
Right.
Katrina Groves: Now, nausea, vomiting,
Katrina Groves: throwing up blood or having black blood in your stool.
No.
Katrina Groves: No ulcers. No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble urination.
Katrina Groves: Burning when you pee or not having a good stream or not been able to see it all.
Nokia 3 V: I'm like, Mom, done on the I mean I'll feel like I'm done. And then I'll stop and then like there's more something dribbles out
Katrina Groves: Normal your bladder is like a water balloon. It'll. It'll the urinal go out and then it collapses a bit more and then it will feel like you have to go again. So that's, that's okay.
Katrina Groves: You'll get prostate issues when you get older. But right now, you probably
Nokia 3 V: Know, right, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So when you're walking. I know you have. Do you still have pain with the hip. In the back.
Nokia 3 V: I'm if I'm, if I'm walking distance or if I have to go up a lot of scares
Nokia 3 V: I'll get sore and tired really fast. Okay, I'm just regular rock walking the files just walking on flat ground.
Nokia 3 V: I don't really ever have pain. No.
Katrina Groves: Good and you haven't had any decrease in strength or weakness in any of your muscles or
Nokia 3 V: I don't, I don't think so. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And any kind of tremors.
Nokia 3 V: In your hand. No.
Headaches
Nokia 3 V: Sometimes, but I take the naproxen every day. So, I mean, there's
Katrina Groves: tension headaches squeezing headaches or
Nokia 3 V: Yep, right there.
Katrina Groves: And you did tell me that you had some sort of not thinking we actually have a fainting spout when you're doing that or do you just kind of sleep and wake up, or is it not
Nokia 3 V: I just, I don't know how I could be like so focused on what the key or what the professor saying
Nokia 3 V: And while I'm writing notes and listening.
Nokia 3 V: And then just go through, right, that just baffles my mind.
Katrina Groves: I think you need an eg to look for any kind of seizure activity that might be happening.
Nokia 3 V: I think he checked that just not too long ago.
Nokia 3 V: Okay. And I don't know if it was borderline or something. But I feel like there's something more than that.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, that whatever test because it has ordered recently that it's not attacking and I think there's, I think there's something going on. I just, I'm not sure what it is.
Katrina Groves: keep on pushing for it.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. So do you feel like, um, any suicide ideation recently, like do you feel like I just want to end it all and I'm for this and
Nokia 3 V: I mean there's times where I felt like just given up. Yeah, I don't know about suicide, but just like say, fuck, fuck it, and
Run away.
Nokia 3 V: Something
Nokia 3 V: But
Katrina Groves: You don't have a plan where like you would take a bunch of pills or you have a gun in the
Nokia 3 V: House. No, no.
Nokia 3 V: I don't think suicide.
Katrina Groves: You just feel depressed at times like
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, well, I mean it's supposed to be my happy place.
Nokia 3 V: And it's not
Katrina Groves: And who's your counselor that you're, you're going to as an Indian clinic counselor.
Nokia 3 V: Now he's a counselor at the college
Nokia 3 V: Know, often do you see him. I've only seen him twice.
Katrina Groves: Are you going to continue going because I think that would really be good for you.
Nokia 3 V: Well, I mean, so far, they've just been dropping appointments. I'm the only thing is that if I was to continue seeing him I would have to go down on either Monday, Wednesday or Friday.
Nokia 3 V: Normally I have classroom nine o'clock in the morning until five like 530
Nokia 3 V: And, you know, there's usually like 10 or 20 minutes between classes. So I mean there's just no time for it when I'm in Arcadia right so i mean i will you have to find a counselor here and Christian city to be able to apply make it work or
Katrina Groves: And you never got in with Benny Benny Capella at the clinic.
Nokia 3 V: I think I have talked to him, but I mean I talked to the there's a lady there too. Right. I can't remember her name. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: There's another telemedicine counselor. Actually, there's two guys now that they've hired George and I remember the other one, but they are very interested in addiction. They're coming. They're starting to help Tony with groups and they do counseling as well so
Nokia 3 V: You may want to check back with the guys
Katrina Groves: I know that you've got lots of stuff on your plate. But if you don't take care of you. You're not going to be there for anybody.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, I don't want, I mean myself care basically right now is school. Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: And walk when I want to escape. I come in here and just kind of
Nokia 3 V: Get lost in homework.
Katrina Groves: And go walk first 20 minutes of walking better. All right. When was the last prescription Johnny
Nokia 3 V: Last week, wow, for some reason.
Nokia 3 V: Tony said that you want me on weekly until I came in and then and then I went in and then this week. I like they gave me a week at a time. So they told me I have to mention it to you guys did that change that. Yes.
Katrina Groves: You got it. So I think
Katrina Groves: I will do your, your Suboxone right now.
Katrina Groves: And what pharmacy. Are you at
at Walmart.
Katrina Groves: Are you with
Nokia 3 V: Partnership.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, Mike. Is he
Katrina Groves: Is he helping you to tee up nor can do you want, nor can
Nokia 3 V: I have can and he I mean he usually hooks me up with inhalers to. Okay, good.
Why is it telling me I can't do this.
Katrina Groves: All right. Anyway, I will do after I do my other guy i am i will call in a script for you and it sounds
Katrina Groves: It sounds like you're going to need for a day.
Katrina Groves: Again for a while. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: The higher the problem with the box on remember is that the higher you go, it doesn't keep going up, it kind of levels out at
Katrina Groves: So, you know, going from three to four is maybe only that much of a difference, you notice it right now because you're you got so much other stuff going on.
Yeah.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And so, when can you come to. So I do groups Monday at right now just 545 to 645 is that gonna wear
Nokia 3 V: And how does the. How does groups work is it
Katrina Groves: There'll be like this except they'll be a counselor plus me plus three or four other of your peeps from the clinic.
Katrina Groves: They're all people, you know, you cannot be in the same one with Jen. You guys have groups.
Katrina Groves: And when so could we do
Nokia 3 V: THIS MONDAY THE 24th, or is that not going to work for you. What's the next Monday. You have to do it this Monday. Okay.
Nokia 3 V: Well, I'm less Jen's got an appointment on that day. I don't know.
Nokia 3 V: At what time five what
Katrina Groves: By 45 but check in, like at 530 because they're gonna have you do like a brief little talk about your, you know, hey, how you doing, and are you feeling like using and
Nokia 3 V: Okay, and then
Nokia 3 V: I'll probably do.
Katrina Groves: That every will do once a month for a while and then you know if you're doing good. I'll let you go, less the new people that get on with bright heart that aren't with me, they're making them do every week so
Nokia 3 V: And I had a problem with explaining myself when I was signing up and the girl that was doing my intake.
Nokia 3 V: She spoke English, but it wasn't really like understandable.
Nokia 3 V: Right, and so I was it was it was frustrating.
Katrina Groves: Well you gotta hang in there.
Nokia 3 V: Yeah, we got through it. It probably took two hour and a half hours.
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, okay.
Nokia 3 V: All right.
Nokia 3 V: We got through it, though. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Thanks for spending the time with me this Saturday, and I hope your rest of your week goes good actually. I'll see you Monday at 530 if you don't forget
Monday.
Nokia 3 V: And what other days. Did you say like
Katrina Groves: It right now. I'm only doing a half day week because I got two other jobs so
Nokia 3 V: Oh, okay. All right there.
Katrina Groves: A time when you have class or something. We'll have to figure that out.
Nokia 3 V: Well, Tuesdays and Thursdays. I have class all day.
Katrina Groves: But one day.
Katrina Groves: At 545 you're good for now.
Katrina Groves: All right, I'll see you then.
Nokia 3 V: I will see you then.
Nokia 3 V: You gotta
Katrina Groves: Figure out how to log yourself off.
Nokia 3 V: When they said if you tap the screen. Then it says leave
Katrina Groves: Yep, and meeting. All right.
All right.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Sorry, I didn't get all that I think I didn't turn on the recording early on that. So you missed some of that stuff.
Katrina Groves: So basically his goal is to help troubled youth his primary care doctor is dr Jacopo
Katrina Groves: He has a baby on the way with his wife that they're working on getting a divorce.
Katrina Groves: He had alcohol problems. He had a DUI. He was arrested. He's currently going to have as well as informal probation for three months, and he is going to college, working on his social work degree surgeries. I think I mentioned
Katrina Groves: His box only eight milligrams for daily
Katrina Groves: Is physical exam. He looked. He was casual. The groomed suicide risk is low, but not zero alert and oriented times three Nikita stress normal concentration
Katrina Groves: No evidence of memory loss thought processes linear and logical normal content. No sign of hallucinations and delusions good insight and
Judgment is intact.
Katrina Groves: A bit of psycho motor retardation. Sorry. Psycho motor agitation.
Katrina Groves: Otherwise, that's all we have time for today. Just diagnosis is number one opioid dependence and our mission F 11.21 number two alcohol use ongoing
Katrina Groves: Number three, depression,
Katrina Groves: Number for sleep apnea.
Katrina Groves: Number five.
Katrina Groves: Do you say tobacco use. Yeah, tobacco dependence plan for him to follow up with his primary care provider for his medical
Non substance use issues.
First meeting with me in the 2445
And that's it.
Katrina Groves: Looks like my other client is not here yet. So I'm going to continue with Johnny Jones. He started with the clinic November 14 2016
Katrina Groves: With DOMA canal center in the Suboxone program. He had one relapse of opioids after he got a wet and reckless
Katrina Groves: Several months ago and did some jail time before that he had 12 years
Out of the system.
What else he said a lot. I'm really upset. I didn't turn them down recording
Also on exam. He had multiple tabs, who's
People's were neither pinned know dilated under at&t exam.
Had was a dramatic normal phallic respiratory No audible wheezing shortness of breath skin with that jaundice of the tattoos. You can say, and muscular skeletal muscle extremities without hesitation or pain.
Without tremor coordinated movements not vocal
On Johnny Jones.